It is named memory block where we are going to store some set of instruction which are ment to perform some specific task
which only run when you called It
Uses : code reusable, smaller chunks
Type of functions:
1. in - built function 
2. user defined function

* In-built function :
It is function whose task is predefined by the developer
we can easily access it but we can't modify it
:input(),len(),ord()..

* User defined function:
It is type of function, which will get  created based on the user requirement

Syntax :
def function_name(args):
     statement block
      
     return values

function_name(args)


* def = It is a keyword which is used to define a function

* func_name = It is name given to the function to identify its operation to give function name we should follow identifer reusable

* argumets = it is a keyword, to return some value to function

* return = it is a keyword, to return some value to function

* function call = to execute the function calling the function is very important, a fucntion can be called n number of times

* Based on the argumets and the return values user defined function get classifies
1. function without argumets and without return values
2. function with argumets and without return values
3. function without argumets and with return values
4. function with argumets and with return values

Variable Space
1. The scope of a variable in python is depends on the place where the value for the variable is assigned in your source code
2. Variable assigned inside a function can only be seen by the code within that function, You cannot even refer to such variable from outside the function
3. Variables assigned inside a function do not clash with variables outside the function, even if the same variable names are used elsewhere. A variable named 'X' assigned outside a given function 

Variable traceback for its value
                 Error
                   ^
                   |
                inbuilt
                   ^
                   |
                 global
                   ^
                   |
                enclosed
                   ^
                   |
                 local 

Actual and formal Arguments
Actual Arguments:
The arguments which are present at function call, or the arguments which are present at sending end are called as actual arguments

Formal arguments:
These are the arguments which got created while creating the function or those are present at receving end are called as formal arguments

def fname(var1, var2,...varn):
         statemnet block
fname(val1,val2,...valn)   #actual agrs

Note - To execute any kind of function the nunbeer of actual arguments should be should be equal to the number of formal arguments.


Passing default Values to the parameter or args
1. As we know the number of actual arguments should be equal to the number of formal arguments
2. Whenever we have both mandatory and optional arguments then we should use Passing default values.
3. Where the values for all the mandatory arguments will be Passed and all the non-mandatory arguments will get assigned witj default values.


Unpacking 
Unpacking is a phenomenon of dividing collections into individual values.
*var1

def fname(var1,var2,...varn):
         SB
fname(*var)
In this case the no. of variables which are creating inside formal arguments section should be equal to the length of thr collection which is passed during the function call

Unpacking collection using multiple variable declaration
Here we need to follow the rule number variables = length of the collection
Example
c1,c2,c3 = "RCB"
c1
R
c2
B
c3
C